Python | Malware Analysis | Artificial Intelligence
Job Type
Internship
Location
Work from home

Eckovation
Eckovation is a product of the desire of its co-founders to generate meaningful impact in the society. It started with a Civil Society initiative named 'Saras' which they started during their college days. The objective was to provide quality education to children of poor families.
This experience exposed them to the problem of scale, the fact that one teacher can meaningfully teach not more than 40-50 students at a time but the availability of quality teachers at ground level was extremely limited. If only, there was a way to leapfrog this problem.If only, one teacher could teach thousands of students. Being the problem solvers that they are, their response was, well, why not? This led to a technology-based quest which has now taken the shape of Eckovation.
Responsibilities
Topic: Analyze UBER Data in Python Using Machine Learning.

Duration: 2 Weeks



Problem Statement: Importing necessary libraries, Import Dataset from the given link, Clean the data, Perform exploratory data analysis, Transform the data, Find traveling time and Calculate the average speed of the trip.



• Data Set Link: https://www.kaggle.com/mohamed08/exploratory-data-analysis-for-uber-trips/data



Important Note:

• Find traveling time and Calculate the average speed of the trip.

• Visualize the data in terms of trips per hour of the day, per day of the week, and per month of the year.

• From the above step find out in which month highest trips are made.



**Submission Guidelines**

The project must be made completely on the command line. You should share the complete source code via Github only. And also share the screenshots of the complete application. Also submit a report elucidating the strategy adopted, the reason behind it and how it is implemented. Even if you fail to create a proper solution for this problem, your learning while solving this problem is going to be immense. In that case, share your learnings and points where you got stuck in your report.
